Hello dear channel subscribers
pigments with you I am well, that's probably Kostya
long-awaited review of my computer
there will be a full full review now
computer not be lazy I tell you how u
I do not have a super camera I will shoot on
iphone 4s pretty good camera
certainly not like 5s but I think that's enough
well let's start with the monitor this
television
I connect him to xbox computer now
connected via hdmi cable diagonal 32
an inch
pretty good tv but everything
same size and resolution to such
small size it is not enough headphones
razer tiamat 71 beautiful sound
the price is of course up to high these headphones
for me they are worth it now sound
No, we are still quite normal
pulls sound like there is this support
sim1 when the money will be purchased
myself and there is some sound
inexpensive thousand for 6 I removed the cap
The front of the case of the musa was all visible
and now this keyboard so give keyboard
stalker something like this and a trader of course
also the rug is also a raiser mouse
super true elite
exim because razer taipan soon ko
I will come what is the case of the case cooler
master
se combination let's say 1 and 2
but much more expensive than the first and
cheaper 2 let's say the golden mean
so well, probably now the insides will
watch computer start with ssd ssd on
120 gigabytes cost him 5,000 her
hard on 1 terabyte
it cost me about 3,500 somewhere like that
video card
gtx690 took from asus
if you took not from asusa saved b6000
us i love thermaltake power pack
1200 watt gold series and he got me in
12,500 somewhere so well, or 12 is not exactly
I remember ask why such power well
Probably then I will sell 1 690 palette 780
whether two titanium oars and put in
overall extra power will not interfere with the processor
intel core i7 3770k
it cools all this matter so ready
and a layer called thermaltake 760
plus a lot thermaltake does not cool
very good here is pure prose for him
by now the houses are connected very well
cools down the processor is not heated well
here is itself a cold motherboard
me asus 5 extreme pretty good
motherboard so RAM RAMA
me 2 slats of 8 gigabytes kingston
superfood pucker x Purity 2400
very good RAM think now
I do not need more than 16 completely
so his hands were shaking back and forth it is necessary to go
buy or super truper expensive camera and
takes off here two fans in principle
body good pretty decent
Dimensions Well, they stuck to him the number
probably super smart noticed take this
drive water drive or how is it shorter from
this and the elephant failed to shove it
basically me
Indian me, do not use Windows
Leading a second so in Windows 81 I
put it through a flash drive helped me
familiar but explained what I put
for which they thank you so well that's the principle
Well maybe all guys thanks for
view subscribe to the channel put
likes everyone good luck everyone yet